SEO optimization (#768)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/LightningNetwork.md

**Your blockchain needs to be fully synced before you try to connect your Lightning Node, otherwise the connection will fail.**

![BTCPay Server Lightning Network Setup 1](./img/LightningNetworkNodeSetup1.jpg "BTCPay Server Lightning Network Setup 1")

![BTCPay Server Lightning Network Setup 2](./img/LightningNetworkNodeSetup2.jpg "BTCPay Server Lightning Network Setup 2")

![BTCPay Server Lightning Network Setup 3](./img/LightningNetworkNodeSetup3.jpg "BTCPay Server Lightning Network Setup 3")

![BTCPay Server Lightning Network Setup 4](./img/LightningNetworkNodeSetup4.jpg "BTCPay Server Lightning Network Setup 4")

## Getting Started with BTCPay and LND

The easiest way to use **LND implementation with BTCPay** is to use **[Ride The Lightning](https://github.com/ShahanaFarooqui/RTL)** (RTL).

> ![Ride The Lightning in BTCPayServer](./img/RideTheLightning.png "Ride The Lightning in BTCPayServer")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Ride The Lightning in BTCPay Server](./img/RideTheLightning.png "Ride The Lightning in BTCPay Server")
```

RTL is a device agnostic **web user interface for Lightning Network** that allows you to operate your node without leaving BTCPay, from your browser.

> ![Ride The Lightning Service in BTCPayServer](./img/RideTheLightningServices.png "Ride The Lightning Service in BTCPayServer")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Ride The Lightning Service in BTCPay Server](./img/RideTheLightningServices.png "Ride The Lightning Service in BTCPay Server")
```
